
Why are some of the employees leaving ?  Fields in the dataset include:

    Satisfaction Level of the employee
    Last evaluation received
    Number of projects
    Average monthly hours
    Time spent at the company
    Whether they have had a work accident
    Whether the employee has left
    Whether they have had a promotion in the last 5 years
    Department
    Salary

Factors affecting Left:
Sheet1-Sheet7: Employees who left the company had low satisfaction level(0.4$), worked for more hours(207.419), spent more time in the company(3.8), low promotion rate(0.005) as compared to those who stayed in the company.

Sheet8: Out of 15000 employees 3571 left the company which is approx 24% of total employees. This atrition rate is high and a matter of concern for the company.

Sheet9: Most of the emplyess are working in 3-5 projects.

Shee10: Most of the employees have 3-4 years of experience. Their is a huge gap between 3years and 4years experience employees.

Sheet11: Sales department has the highest number of employees followed by technical and support. 

Sheet12: Majority employees are getting salaries in low and medium range only.

Sheet13: Employees who have more than 5 projects tends to leave the company. So a high workload could be a reason for leaving.

Sheet14: 


Following features are most influencing a person to leave the company:

Promotions: Employees are far more likely to quit their job if they haven't received a promotion in the last 5 years.
Time with Company: Here, The three-year mark looks like a time to be a crucial point in an employee's career. Most of them quit their job around the three-year mark. Another important point is 6-years point, where the employee is very unlikely to leave.
Number Of Projects: Employee engagement is another critical factor to influence the employee to leave the company. Employees with 3-5 projects are less likely to leave the company. The employee with less and more number of projects are likely to leave.
Salary: Most of the employees that quit among the mid or low salary groups.






    
